it's my pleasure this time to introduce Dr diandra khaki, who is the digital scholarship coordinator, and I think faculty teaching associate and comparative humanities at bucknell university.
In the United States, and she is our ninth and last speaker in this year's at new is virtual speaker series.
and Dr Jackie will talk to us about read London, which is an offshoot of the records English drama project and it's exciting collection that gathers records or performance in London before 1642.
And how it can help us to understand and map everyday life, I work with diane quite remote as she's P, I have the melon digital edition publishing cooperative liberal arts based digital publishing cooperatives something like that right.
Project yes.
project.
And and and I work with her on that project, along with various other people like Susan brown um anyways i'll pass over to diane diane.
Thank you, James and thank you, I would like to thank James as well as to Susan Garcia and Newcastle university for having me.
speak with you today.
Please if, for some reason you can't see or hear me.
feel free to stop me.
And I will I will pick up where I left off.
I wish, very much as i'm want to do anymore, these days, I will share with with you in person, I would I would be happy to be in your Castle, and yet i'm happy to be here in such thing as well.
Alright, I am going to try and share my screen, but for some reason there it is okay.
All right.
Come on.
There we go you see my screen now.
Yes, Okay, so what i'd like to do today is to spend some time with you working through some ideas about complex understandings of place.
My thoughts are evolving and some of you may have heard me speak about some of these things, but while I have played with these ideas in different contexts, I really think.
What i'm trying to get at is is evolving and, hopefully, I have something new to share with you, or it will be the beginning of a discussion that we can have, at the end of the the the talk, as well as whenever we might meet one another again.
So to start places are named by people this act of naming is one of the most powerful things that humans can do and has immense consequences for us as individuals and as members of groups.
I know this place something important happened here and I witnessed it something happened here, and someone told me about it.
These are the reasons we named places and this seems obvious and childish even to rehearse it here, but when I say I walk my dog through the car Cornfields at the end of the war late.
And I just drew That way, there is maybe one person here who has a personal understanding of that because they've witnessed me do it.
And, here is my requisite picture of bear in the farm lane.
There are, there are a few of you who may have seen pictures of me posting pictures of their.
galumphing through these fields, but may not know it the same way, I do or by the same name I do.
The rest of you might have an idealized view of what it means to walk along the farmland and through a cornfield but i'm almost certain that your understanding in mind don't align.
We can approximate a shared understanding of place names if we use similar terms, and the same language but topping mimic comprehension becomes loose and slippery very quickly and horse pause here for a moment i'm going to close the window, even though it's super hot here.
Okay, that might help with the farm noises and applause here for another moment.
um I just want to let you know some sometimes i'll shift between the terms top of them are top of mimic and place name but I.
acknowledge these terms are complicated by the fact that the first and books and a classical idea of place by its name, and the second is used more regularly and dh circles for texting coding and mapping.
And while still referring to named place there is in the latter more of an emphasis on location in terms of geography and Cartesian coordinates, which to me are extremely slippery when we're discussing historical understandings of place in space.
So we use codes like this, all the time and they become more intricate and harder to do to decrypt over time there's a joke in maine where i've spent much time of my life.
Beyond Pennsylvania, that when one asks for directions, the answer is you can't get there from here.
So it's very dik dik dik dik understanding of this and that here and there, or the directions will come in the form of follow the road at the end of the lake and turn right at where that.
boathouse cease to be and because i've lived in in this area for so long and may and.
I will know the name of the lake that's being invoked and I may remember that the boat house burned down when I was a kid but those directions are meaningless without that personal connection to a place that transcends time.
back to my example of the farm lane I named that place form lane because I use it to describe where I think I walk my dog bear.
Cornfields are also the markers of a working farm and while i'm aware that the landscape changes, and I see the corn growing, and I see it, being harvested.
It due to the weather and to the seasons and I acknowledge that other people refer to this this roadway as stalling because the stall family used to own the farm, at the end of the of the road, which is way back here.
i'm an Amish that family no longer lives there and an Amish family moved here last year and they're completely changing the landscape of the farm so it's easier for me to keep the farm lane in my mind than the ever evolving understanding of that place.
And how it what it means to me and other people, but enough about Pennsylvania farms been talking about London now.
The same I would prefer holds true for places that seem so universally obvious almost in this kind of trade touristy way as London, not the London is trade, please do not miss understand.
Even if we've never been to London we've seen fame images of famous locations maps of transportation grids we've watched TV broadcasts of momentous processions through the streets.
and pass landmarks but the place names and our associations with them are just as loose and slippery.
People call this London bridge and this big Ben but those aren't the authority names for either place in fact that's not London bridge.
The proper name for Westminster Abbey is the collegiate church of St Paul at Westminster and the globe theatre the tourists flock to is not the globe.
This is like the third purpose built performance venue that has occupied the same general area over 400 years, furthermore, there are locations, whose names have lost their original meaning.
or now just seem obscure to us shoe lane London wall lead gate Whitehall cord winners cannot be found congregating in the first.
The second is only a ruin section of the original enclosure there's no longer and gateway separating the city from Westminster between fleet street and login Hill and the palace named by Henry the eighth burned down in the 18th century, I believe.
Leaving only a few remnants behind, but for those who traverse the streets of London, these etymological anomalies aren't really a concern they don't prevent us from making our way around, no one says to get to St paul's follows fleet street to where that gate used to be.
They might but.
um let's go further, what is London anyway it's a stupid question unless you're thinking and spatial terms is London defined by its geographical coordinates.
That seems reductive and, if so, what exactly are those coordinates is it defined by its nudist municipal designation.
That makes sense if you are a politician or a tax collector, but that is particular it is defined.
Is it defined by its landmarks if so Westminster Abbey isn't technically in London it's in the city of Westminster, which is one of the 12 boroughs that constitute inner London, but that is only been a construct since the 1900s ish and it's in the city of Westminster.
And and let's not confuse it with the City of London, with a capital C and unless you're a voting resident might you be too concerned about those distinctions I don't know.
There we go.
And if you're thinking temporarily things get really twisted really quickly and a story in our resident might understand that the City of London is defined by the wall, but the wall is only built in around 200 CTE.
And the early modern influx of people from around the country who came to the city meant that its population exploded between 1500 and 1600 so that.
50,000 residents could live relatively comfortably within those walls in the early 16th century, but by the turn of the century that by the turn of the 17th century the 200,000 who had thrown to the metropolis burst those walls and tumbled off into the surrounding burrows.
And also, if you think temporarily How many times has the city been burned been raised built over its Roman and medieval bones and byways are likely to show through still despite Christopher Rennes best efforts.
But are the locations, we know the same as the ones that pre modern Londoners recognized and I would say they are not.
Yet when we think of London in in data terms, we are presented with a challenge you to challenge of reducing one in place concepts in points and paths and polygons that ignore temporal spatial complexities, not to mention lived experiences.
Is this London, or is this, London or is this London.
who drew them in the first place, because none of them, none of the the cartographers would have had this this vantage point on a London so surveyors made estimations of what London would have looked like.
I guess the biggest map is a completely impossible perspective of London, and yet it helps us to understand how different Londoners saw their environment in the 15th 16th.
So.
As this kind of complexity requires that we think always in terms of context when we're articulating our place based information as we develop our projects with an eye toward making them discoverable on the semantic web through.
Links data and what is we'll talk about that in a little bit.
The read London project is a large scale collaborative project that involves scholars from the Canadian writing research collaboratory the University of Toronto and Newcastle University in in in the UK on others as well as a number of students at bucknell.
Charlotte being one of my of my students who's in the audience today.
The project emanates from the records early English drama a massive research project now in its fourth decade, whose mission is to discover documentary evidence of performance theater and music.
In England, Scotland and Wales from 1100 to 1642 the editorial staff of the records burling less drama excerpts edits and compiles archival documentary materials drawing upon legal.
Proceedings household financial accounts ecclesiastical and municipal business reports and correspondence to better understand the conditions in which pre modern performance was undertaken.
As well as the impact and influence it had on British society.
Today Read has produced some 27 printed collections, as well as three electronic collections, the focus mainly on the English provinces.
play texts musical scores lyrics and the like are not usually found or featured in these collections.
The project has been instrumental in situated English theatre and performance away from our dollar tree pushing back against concepts of of Shakespeare as being some some super theatrical concept person.
Whatever you want to call Shakespeare group organization.
cabal it's and this might be the impetus for holding back on London for so long because.
There was a sensitivity to to falling into that Shakespeare trap right so many, many of the scholars who've been associated with the records of early enough drama.
For 40 years have really tried very hard to focus on places away from London and I see James nodding.
And it was only in 2010 when the first of three printed collections focusing on aspects of performance in the City of London or around the City of London were published the ends of court ecclesiastical London and civic London to.
10s of thousands of references, ranging from a single line tracking payment for the torch bear bear who lit the way for a group of masters from the city to Westminster, all the way to long form excerpted letters describing Christmas rebels at court.
So the goal of read London is to pull the records that are London centric into a comprehensive digital resource that incorporates not only the accepted transcribed and encoded documents.
That recall the events but also reveal more fully the people in places that are named within them.
And we're fortunate in that the first records were working with our from the already transcribed and print published collections.
And so the first step when we were organizing our people person in place entities, as well as some of the ontological work we're doing now.
was to use and deconstruct the indexes that Arlene Ralph and the bibliography for the indexers ever read had compiled for the print collections so we're able to take those indexes and break them down and recreate them in ways that helped us make sense of the entities within them.
Literally big traffic day here on the far right.
The we were able to articulate a list of place types that explain the kind of place these locations are perceived as having in read.
We also had a list of the records in which those places are explicitly mentioned, so you can see, on on the screen, I have one lovely spreadsheet which has a.
out a layout of the different names or an excerpt of the different names, we have, and how they associate with different other sources behind that.
In on on the on Cork on the Read London site we've actually come up with a list of definitions for place types.
How read sees the types of places we use, which was a particularly fraught and exciting and interesting and challenging process to come to grips with what we mean when we're talking about street.
It was quite intense.
But we made it through, we were also able to think about.
How we begin to take those lists and make more meaning from them because it's fine just to publish a list of names and it's great to have a gazumped here and I hope to have one.
But ultimately that that those are kind of shallow acts of naming.
And it best someone could find our list now and exclaim you have gracious street I have grace church street, and I know there are variants of the same street name, and I hope you enjoyed the dramatic.
tone I just took, but in fact the other researcher doesn't by default know why we cite gracious street and what kind of importance does that have for read what value, does it have in terms of theater history.
The place name becomes as a floating signifier without that context, especially if we don't understand the scope of one another's work.
gracious street was known Contemporaneously also as grace church street and grace church street and is important to us because a number of taverns were located upon it along it and plays and just were performed at those patterns.
So if that enthusiastic researcher is by chance, studying and post World War Two era is our gracious St there grace church street.
there's certainly a close degree of understanding, but I would argue that it's not the same.
Or at least that that sameness is a broad understanding of connectivity so here's why I struggle and the work I need to do an advanced sharing the places that I understand as linkable data with other people.
First, I need to capture every variant spelling every melanin for a place in my tagging such that all references to a place explicit or day hectic apparent or obscure.
align with information about the place in an equivalent way such that gracious treat gracious street is equivalent to not subordinate to grace church street.
This is work that is I see as more than just him disambiguate.
Because i'm making a claim that a place was known in a multiplicity of ways, and a concurrent context by different people and that, while I recognize the modern standard name that shows up on a Google map that is no better or worse.
than any of the others.
I need to tie the place entity name St to read London as an authority by which that place is named, and this is infinitely doable although very clunky right here, James in ti.
Thanks to the responsibility attribute but what, but that means that every time I tag a place in a text I need to, in addition to this, I need to give it an xml identifier, but I need to include the attributes that helped me to hang on to that.
The that responsibility, and that is a bit cumbersome I also don't want to hang too much of that tag I don't want to include a when, after me whenever I tag a place.
There obviously pros to doing this, for example, you might want to query or records and find all references to Somerset House to see who was still referring it to it as Denmark.
Even after Queen and was gone, but again, that means that I have to ensure that everyone who's tagging the records includes the data attributes every time or the Act and the exercise become meaningless.
And I need to distinguish between contemporary and editorial references to places in the Read collections.
I was very confused when I was looking through the indexes and I saw the Cornfields was referred to.
In the end of quarter collection and I didn't think that Cornfields predated 1642 and it turns out, as I was looking through from the index to find the reference within the collection that.
The editor had cited it as an in in terms of this particular places close to what would become known as Cornfields later.
So.
And likewise, we have a remarkable number of parish churches listed in the indexes for crazy as typical London but some of them only appear in an editorial apparatus as a list of churches so we've decided that just having a list of something in an index or in an ad note or in a in.
an introductory essay isn't enough to make it count in terms of establishing a place as a real London place entity.
It will places and invoked within our temporal scope is if it isn't invoked within the the record itself we don't tag it.
Or we don't take it now i'm sure we could argue about that.
So these two challenges claiming particular authority and providing additional information pertinent to reads understanding of place.
can be contained within an identity, an entity identifier within the project, such that see if this works.
Read London is a scholarly research project concentrating on London centric performance music and theater between 1300.
Which is roughly our earliest record and 1650 which is roughly our latest record.
This place name also appears in these forums within our records and this place appears in this year in these years within our records so.
I want to be able to establish that kind of statement that mission of here is why we're naming them and here's why we're naming places and here is the extent by which we can name things and we won't we will try not to exceed that extent.
So come back okay there we go so we've now established the scope for our reference place names which serves as a kind of what.
And this is in itself helpful information when we're sharing this data, as I said in a as a tier format, but it doesn't convey the why the context in which we use the place name, why is it important to us.
And this to me is the really cool part because read london's London is sometimes unexpected.
Where people in places are concerned we've been working with records in the religion and context, focusing on performance data north of the Thames Sally beth mclean has been focusing on southern sorry.
where most of the purpose built theory theaters and entertainment complex is thrived so the work that that my colleagues and students and I have been doing is i've been here.
over here, we really have not been focusing on the globe and the the the other purpose built built theaters south of the times.
The context, then requires an understanding of events occurrences at a location that were witnesses and documented by one or more people.
The low hanging fruit for read London our performance of that's there's a plethora of documentary evidence in the Court collection alone about masks performed for the rod Stewart royal family and 1613 and 1634.
Not only are their letters from my witnesses, there are letters describing the events, based on hearsay.
Many more accounts of payments received receipts and taxes charged two gentlemen of the ends to pay for the masks.
On top of which there are records of events that occurred in order for the masks to be performed trace references to the procession room.
rehearsal spaces locations where Guild members worked from whom costumes and sets and props had to be retrieved from which they were delivered.
In this way, we've created or we're understanding and an intersecting web of locations and that that that web is what takes on significance for read London, because it was the business related to performance as well as the performance itself.
So.
of late we've been working through questions about why places are important and it comes down to the concept of.
An event, not the event, but an event it's an inversion of what I said at the beginning and event is an occurrence recorded by a person with an affiliation.
That was witnessed in a location at a particular time, so the same actors and you're the same nodes if you will see a person, a place.
An event or an occurrence and a time and you need those four things in order to create your your mesh and information it's just turn it off slightly on its ear.
And we've been having a lot of conversations and number of us were on the call in the last two weeks about what constitutes an event for read London is it the performance itself a play a mask concert and entertainment.
Are all the occurrences that happened around it, that lead up to it and happen concurrently and in its aftermath, are they also events or sub events or contingent events or are the events that.
are important, but to others more than they are to us, and while i'm i'm throwing a lot of things at you ultimately.
Whatever what I wanted, what I want you to get a sense of is this kind of gnarly ball of string that we're all working with tryin.
tease out from that the multifaceted nearness of historical London and they're my dog is now thumping and selling asleep if you wonder what that noises it's it's a multi sensory presentation I hope you're enjoying it.
um so if we were just focused on the performances themselves meaning just the period of time in which and where the actors are.
put on a play where the course you're saying masters danced jugglers troll things into the air, then we could be satisfied to say that, for us, those are what we would define only as events that are important enough for our purposes, and they would stand alone.
And those location and the locations where those performances took place place theaters arenas Guild halls Paris churches would constitute the whole of the places that are important to read.
But I would suggest that all of the business transactions, the committee meetings, through rehearsals and the carting of goods from a workshop to a scaffold and even a punishments which certain types of.
entertainment's occurred are equally events and events that have equivalent and not subordinate value when we're thinking about the holistic nature of what constitutes performance in early pre modern London.
Excuse me.
So, two things in particular dissuade me from putting too much weight on a performance as the event, to which all other occurrences are subordinate.
The first is that the real London records or what I would describe as found evidence excerpted from documents that overwhelmingly we're not concerned with performance.
Put another way, the three records have been taken out of the context in which they were written.
All I have to go on, are those scraps i'm twice removed from many of the physical manuscripts and account books and parish registers from rich which they were taken.
Without better access, I cannot tell if these references constituted the focus of a document or just a blip in a much larger understanding and relation of occurrences written down by a clerk or in an ongoing correspondence.
The second isn't the references to places in these particular REP records are likewise not focused on what we would consider performance spaces, as I indicated above.
While the purpose built theaters are mentioned they're not mentioned, very often, and while some of shakespeare's plays like the comedy of errors were performed at I think it was middle temple.
References to plays or play going tend to be oblique in these contexts references to holidays, at which some sorts of.
entertainment's Kurt are much more frequent but there, they are the emphasis emphasis is on the holiday or the feast or the wedding and the reference to the entertainment is implicit or its its parents, medical, in a sense.
Likewise, and, more to the point of this talk when we're when we're thinking about named exterior places or spaces in London that are not overtly theatrical or musical by modern drama scholar agreements.
We have to think again about what what that how we fit into more complex understanding of London right.
While aside from the banqueting house in Whitehall or the bear gardens and southern place references in the Read London records are more likely to be livery halls or the roles office or streets and private houses or or Royal palaces.
And this, I think, is where we London can be a value when researchers engaged in various ways in London history.
And when we can come together through linked up and data to share that information and to make better sense of what we have to work with.
Because our indications of place names through the complex events can complicate trouble and enrich understandings of the city and its environments.
and the rest of what i'm going to do is talk is give you kind of an extended example of the kind of work that we're doing right now that i'm trying to make sense of So hopefully it will help to.
To clarify what i'm trying to get at.
So in winter 1633 34 the gentlemen of the forensic Court decided that they would present a mask at court for King Charles and queen henrietta Maria.
As with many such courtly entertainment's the purpose of the performance was political.
William print a number of lincoln's in have recently published history on gnostics.
Which criticize plays and play going as moral and was perceived in part as a criticism of trials and Henry Anna Maria and someone would some would go so far as to say that.
print had accused the Queen of being horror, for taking part in dances at court masks so the members of the forums leaped into action to assure Charles that they did not subscribe to Prince sentiments and put on a mask.
They hired James surely to write the triumph of peace, William laws and Simon ives to compose the music and indigo Jones to design the set ultimately the endeavor costs over 20,000 pounds, which would be about 2.5 million pounds in today's currency.
It nearly bankrupted the middle temple and it was overseen by a steady go 28 year old.
bolster of wedlock known to most other people as a politician during the civil war and interregnum but also a member of middle middle temple.
Certainly not, otherwise known for skills as a theatrical impresario nevertheless he volunteered himself to oversee the production, he set up committees and subcommittees he wrote copious notes and save many of them and Alan Nelson.
transcribed many of them not only invoices and receipts but diagrams and complex choreography and lots of performances and musicians and he also reflected on his experience and several folio pages and his 200 plus page manuscript is animals.
The easy way to describe the event.
Is that the members of the foreigns along with theater and music professionals perform the triumph of keys before the royal family and their court on third February 1634 at the banqueting house in in Whitehall so we have an event right people place to date and.
When I mess out the event but there's nothing easy about it, first of all, I would agree it is incautious to call this.
The banqueting house, it was the bank winning house designed by indigo Jones and 16 and 1622 but it's not the one that James the first had Commission.
And then burn down and 1619 North still earlier one that was built for Elizabeth the first and then as a temporary structure but remained until james's the beginning of james's.
Rule, but the conflation of multiple places over time is paper for another day and a longer conversation.
But easy enough to put a pin in the map popping a photo of the still standing building and this happened here that.
But the Read records that were edited by Ellen Nelson helps us to help us to recover a much more complicated story of how the preparations and productions and performances a mask play out over several months from fall 1633 to winter 1634 and across London.
Complicated masks full of elaborate dances ornate costumes and sets involving dozens, if not hundreds of participants.
would have been made, still more complicated, in this case because middle temple lincoln's in inner temple and grades in amateur performers were all involved.
So why what white lock doesn't say so partial rehearsals probably took place in the large gathering spaces at each of the it's not just one.
And white lock also says the heat cited for the better prep preparation and practice of the music, that I am myself, I myself my take better care and be present with them.
meaning the musician so I caused the meanings of all musicians to be frequent at my house and salisbury court, and there I have it together what at one time.
Many people and over 40 loots besides besides other instruments and voices of the most excellent excellent musicians in concert so goodness knows how big this 28 year olds house on salisbury Court was in order to have all of these people rehearsing there.
On the day of the mask several hundred performance performers gathered at Ely house and somehow managed a steady parade fully costume some writing and Chariot someone horseback.
Some on foot and in a specific pre determined fractious order apparently there was much bickering among the ends about who would ride together, and so they had to come up with some complicated negotiation about who went in what chariot.
They made their way along chancery lane to temple bar and by their to through to Whitehall and the banqueting house white Locke says that the it was so crowded that the March was so slow because.
The multitudes of spectators in the streets were loads to part with so glorious a spectacle that he had to figure out how he can jump in a carriage and find an alternate routes to get ahead of the procession to the banqueting hall in advance.
weirdly he says, almost nothing about the mass performance itself, except that it was crowded.
He is more interested in the fact that, as the the precession god's the banqueting house the King and queen were so excited and unimpressed with the panoply that they.
commanded the the procession to go twice around the tiltyard across the way from the banqueting House so that on an even more time to the preparations.
So, as I said, he describes the royals as being pleased they had dinner before daybreak and then the Masters all left to go home staggering back, we assume through the city in the middle of the night.
Presumably, still in their costumes and completely out of context for anybody who had been watching but that's not all the Queen was so taken by the mask.
that she says white lock requested it to be performed again two days later this time at merchant taylor's Hall, not a royal place palace, but the domain of the businessman of the city.
So now there's a whole different organization of masters, this time, going from eat going East from the ends as as opposed to West presumably alone new game too cheap side and then up threadneedle to the hall.
And while white left does it really right about a procession as elaborate as the one, a few days earlier presumably the mask involved a highly hierarchical progression again that there must have been a somewhat orderly, if not still fractious gathering and march through the streets.
Ultimately, we are bound by what we know in the present about the past and we are further bound, but what we have.
left of the past, or what we have access, access to from the past and if we're scholars working in a particular area with a particular focus that further blinders us in terms of what we're looking for and what we find.
And herein lies, one of the hopes for the work we're doing with read London and, more broadly, when we're thinking about linkedin data.
White lot makes glancing references to the crowds cheering as the gentleman presented by and these crowds were outside and inside the city proper.
And this was not a municipality sanction city events like neural pageants or Royal entrusted kings and Queens making their ways across the city from the Tower to Westminster Abbey.
These were in essence I would describe unlicensed traffic jams that were completely out of context for the people living and working.
and trying to make their ways across holborn or cheapside blocked by a bunch of entitled middle class lot of lawyers and acting wannabes who one might argue had no business mucking up the flow of business traffic on a Friday afternoon.
So well i'm eager to find and invite everyone who thinks about London differently, is to find that counter narrative.
Who are the Londoners out there who wrote in their journals or complain in their correspondence or noted in their account books that this this group of.
entitled wannabes really messed up their days they caused them to miss important meetings they resulted in the loss of business, they completely because of their entitlement disgusted a working class person who was who was trying just to get through their day.
And so, one of my point is that, because we have all of these pieces these snippets of information that just show little tiny gobbets of information about London at the time and in the way we're thinking about them.
How can they help us make a different kind of sense about 17th century London, how can I thinking about theatre history or performance history stop thinking about theatre performance history.
Right and understand that the London i'm imagining is not a theatrical London and yet at the same time, I would say that the city and the end violence around London are stage in some contexts so.
The converse is how Can somebody who's thinking about London from an urban political perspective or as a religious historian.
And or someone who studies art history or archaeology, how can we begin to stitch together our different understandings and break apart, our presumptions about what the city purse.
constituted and begin to to trouble one another with how our information plays together.
So with that i've spoken very long, and I know it's very difficult to sit here and and beyond, yet another zoom call after so many.
But I would be remiss if I didn't thank the Members, the group of people who work in particular on this project to recognize the Andrew w mellon foundation for their generous support.
For the Canadian writing research collaboratory and Susan Brown.
who have may add, links the linked infrastructure for networks cultural scholarship for inviting us to be a part of a much larger community who helps us to think about these things.
to recognize read the online for all of the work that they have done for 40 years, without which we wouldn't be able to be where we are and also to bucknell university.
For employing me and also giving me the opportunity to work with wonderful students like Charlotte.
and others who are here who are going to be working with me on working with me the summer to think about these things, so I will stop sharing my screen and say thank you very much, can I stop sharing my screen sharing my screen.
So ready structuring your screen good.
Thank you.
Okay.
So I don't know.
Well i'll Thank you to begin with, and all the parts, since everyone else's muted.